EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of March 1, 2024 (the "Effective Date"), by and between:

EMPLOYER: Nexus Technologies Corp., a Delaware corporation, with its principal place of business at 2500 Technology Parkway, Building C, Austin, TX 78759 ("Company" or "Employer")

EMPLOYEE: Alexandra Michelle Thompson, an individual residing at 847 Cedar Creek Drive, Austin, TX 78704 ("Employee")

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ Employee, and Employee desires to be employed by the Company, on the terms and conditions set forth herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. POSITION AND DUTIES

1.1 Position. The Company hereby employs Employee as Senior Software Engineer, reporting to the Vice President of Engineering.

1.2 Duties. Employee shall perform all duties and responsibilities customarily associated with Employee's position, as well as such other duties as may be assigned by the Company from time to time. Employee agrees to devote Employee's full working time, attention, and best efforts to the performance of Employee's duties.

1.3 Compliance. Employee shall comply with all Company policies, procedures, rules, and regulations as may be established and modified from time to time in the Company's sole discretion.

1.4 Location. Employee's primary work location shall be the Company's Austin, TX office. The Company reserves the right to require Employee to relocate to any other Company location, domestic or international, as business needs dictate, with or without additional compensation.

2. TERM OF EMPLOYMENT

2.1 At-Will Employment. Employee's employment with the Company is "at-will." This means that either the Company or Employee may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice, for any reason or no reason at all.

2.2 No Guarantee. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a guarantee of continued employment for any specific period of time.

3. COMPENSATION

3.1 Base Salary. Employee shall receive an annual base salary of One Hundred Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars ($175,000.00), payable in accordance with the Company's regular payroll practices, less all applicable withholdings and deductions.

3.2 Salary Review. The Company may review Employee's salary from time to time in its sole discretion. Any adjustment to salary shall be at the Company's sole discretion and shall not obligate the Company to make any future adjustments.

3.3 Discretionary Bonus. Employee may be eligible to receive an annual performance bonus of up to 20% of base salary. Any bonus payment shall be determined in the Company's sole and absolute discretion based on individual and company performance. Bonus eligibility requires Employee to be actively employed on the date of payment. No partial or prorated bonuses will be paid if employment terminates for any reason prior to the payment date.

3.4 Equity Compensation. Subject to approval by the Company's Board of Directors, Employee shall be granted stock options to purchase 50,000 shares of Company common stock. Such options shall vest over four (4) years with a one-year cliff, subject to the terms of the Company's Stock Option Plan and a separate Stock Option Agreement.

4. BENEFITS

4.1 Employee shall be eligible to participate in the Company's employee benefit plans, including health insurance, dental insurance, vision insurance, life insurance, and 401(k) plan, subject to the terms and conditions of such plans as may be amended from time to time in the Company's sole discretion.

4.2 The Company reserves the right to modify, suspend, or terminate any benefit plans at any time without notice.

5. PAID TIME OFF

5.1 Employee shall be entitled to twenty (20) days of paid time off ("PTO") per calendar year, to be used for vacation, sick leave, and personal days.

5.2 PTO requests must be submitted at least two (2) weeks in advance and are subject to approval by Employee's supervisor. The Company may deny PTO requests based on business needs.

5.3 Unused PTO shall not carry over to the following calendar year and shall not be paid out upon termination of employment.

5.4 Employee shall not be entitled to any additional compensation for holidays, overtime, or weekend work, as Employee's position is exempt under applicable wage and hour laws.

6. EXPENSES

6.1 The Company shall reimburse Employee for reasonable and necessary business expenses incurred in the performance of Employee's duties, subject to the Company's expense reimbursement policies.

6.2 Employee must submit expense reports with supporting documentation within thirty (30) days of incurring the expense. Failure to submit timely expense reports may result in forfeiture of reimbursement.

7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

7.1 Definition. "Confidential Information" means any and all information, data, knowledge, and know-how, whether written, oral, electronic, or visual, that is proprietary to the Company or its affiliates, customers, or business partners, including but not limited to: trade secrets, inventions, discoveries, designs, algorithms, software code, source code, object code, APIs, databases, technical specifications, business plans, financial information, pricing, customer lists, vendor lists, marketing strategies, personnel information, and any other information not generally known to the public.

7.2 Non-Disclosure. Employee agrees to hold all Confidential Information in strict confidence and not to disclose any Confidential Information to any third party without the Company's prior written consent. This obligation shall continue indefinitely and shall survive termination of employment.

7.3 Non-Use. Employee agrees not to use any Confidential Information for any purpose other than the performance of Employee's duties for the Company, both during and after employment.

7.4 Return of Materials. Upon termination of employment or upon the Company's request, Employee shall immediately return to the Company all documents, materials, equipment, and other property containing or relating to Confidential Information.

8. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

8.1 Work Product. All inventions, discoveries, designs, developments, improvements, works of authorship, software, code, documentation, and other work product, whether or not patentable or copyrightable, that Employee conceives, develops, or creates, alone or jointly with others, during Employee's employment with the Company, that (a) relate to the Company's business, products, or services, (b) result from any work performed for the Company, or (c) are developed using Company resources or Confidential Information, shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company ("Work Product").

8.2 Assignment. Employee hereby irrevocably assigns and transfers to the Company all right, title, and interest in and to all Work Product, including all intellectual property rights therein. Employee agrees to execute any documents and take any actions necessary to effectuate such assignment.

8.3 Moral Rights Waiver. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Employee hereby waives any and all moral rights Employee may have in any Work Product, including rights of attribution, integrity, disclosure, and withdrawal.

8.4 Prior Inventions. Employee has listed on Exhibit A attached hereto all inventions, original works of authorship, developments, improvements, and trade secrets that were conceived or created by Employee prior to employment with the Company ("Prior Inventions"). If no list is attached, Employee represents that there are no Prior Inventions.

8.5 License. To the extent any Prior Invention is incorporated into any Company product or service, Employee hereby grants the Company a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, exclusive license to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, and create derivative works of such Prior Invention.

9. NON-COMPETITION

9.1 During the term of Employee's employment and for a period of twenty-four (24) months following the termination of employment for any reason, Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, anywhere in the world:

(a) Engage in, own, manage, operate, control, be employed by, participate in, or be connected with any business or enterprise that competes with the Company's business;

(b) Provide services, whether as an employee, consultant, advisor, or in any other capacity, to any Competitor (as defined below);

(c) Develop, design, produce, market, sell, or distribute any products or services that compete with the Company's products or services.

9.2 "Competitor" means any person, entity, or business that engages in the development, production, marketing, or sale of software, technology products, or services that are similar to or competitive with the Company's products or services, including but not limited to: Microsoft, Google, Amazon, Apple, Meta, Salesforce, Oracle, SAP, and any of their affiliates or subsidiaries.

9.3 Employee acknowledges that the geographic scope of this restriction is reasonable given the Company's global business operations and the nature of the software industry.

10. NON-SOLICITATION

10.1 During the term of Employee's employment and for a period of twenty-four (24) months following the termination of employment for any reason, Employee shall not, directly or indirectly:

(a) Solicit, recruit, hire, or attempt to solicit, recruit, or hire any employee, contractor, or consultant of the Company to leave the Company's employ or to provide services to any other person or entity;

(b) Encourage or induce any employee, contractor, or consultant of the Company to breach any agreement with the Company;

(c) Solicit, contact, or do business with any customer, client, vendor, or business partner of the Company for the purpose of providing products or services competitive with the Company's products or services;

(d) Interfere with or attempt to interfere with any business relationship between the Company and any customer, client, vendor, supplier, or business partner.

11. NON-DISPARAGEMENT

11.1 Employee agrees not to make any disparaging, defamatory, or derogatory statements about the Company, its products, services, officers, directors, employees, shareholders, or business practices to any third party, including but not limited to: customers, vendors, competitors, media, government agencies, or on social media platforms.

11.2 This obligation shall survive termination of employment and shall continue indefinitely.

12. TERMINATION

12.1 Termination by Company. The Company may terminate Employee's employment at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice.

12.2 Termination by Employee. Employee may terminate employment by providing at least four (4) weeks' prior written notice to the Company. The Company may, in its sole discretion, waive such notice period or place Employee on paid leave during the notice period.

12.3 Termination for Cause. If Employee's employment is terminated for "Cause," Employee shall only be entitled to accrued but unpaid base salary through the date of termination. "Cause" shall mean:

(a) Any breach of this Agreement or any Company policy;
(b) Misconduct, dishonesty, fraud, or gross negligence;
(c) Failure to perform duties satisfactorily;
(d) Conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to any crime;
(e) Any conduct that, in the Company's judgment, reflects adversely on the Company;
(f) Any other reason the Company determines constitutes cause.

12.4 Termination Without Cause. If Employee's employment is terminated by the Company without Cause, and provided Employee executes a general release of claims in a form acceptable to the Company within the time period specified, Employee shall be entitled to:

(a) Continued payment of base salary for six (6) months following termination;
(b) COBRA premium subsidies for up to six (6) months.

12.5 Effect of Termination. Upon termination for any reason, Employee shall:

(a) Immediately return all Company property, including but not limited to: laptop, phone, access cards, documents, files, and any materials containing Confidential Information;
(b) Resign from any positions held with the Company or its affiliates;
(c) Cooperate with the Company in transitioning Employee's duties and responsibilities.

13. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

13.1 Employee represents and warrants that:

(a) Employee has the legal right to enter into this Agreement and is not bound by any agreement that would prevent Employee from performing Employee's duties;
(b) Employee will not bring to the Company or use any confidential information belonging to any prior employer or third party;
(c) All information provided by Employee in connection with Employee's application for employment was true and accurate;
(d) Employee has no physical or mental condition that would impair Employee's ability to perform Employee's duties.

14. REMEDIES

14.1 Employee acknowledges that any breach of Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, or 11 of this Agreement would cause irreparable harm to the Company for which monetary damages would be inadequate. Accordingly, the Company shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief, specific performance, or other equitable remedies without the necessity of proving actual damages or posting bond.

14.2 If Employee breaches any provision of Sections 9 or 10, the restricted period shall be extended by the duration of the violation.

14.3 Employee agrees to pay all of the Company's costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred in enforcing any provision of this Agreement.

15. ARBITRATION

15.1 Mandatory Arbitration. Any dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Employee's employment with the Company, including claims for wrongful termination, discrimination, harassment, retaliation, or violation of any federal, state, or local law, shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration.

15.2 Arbitration shall be administered by JAMS in Austin, Texas, in accordance with its Employment Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator.

15.3 Class Action Waiver. EMPLOYEE AGREES TO BRING ANY CLAIMS AGAINST THE COMPANY IN EMPLOYEE'S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY ONLY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, COLLECTIVE, OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.

15.4 The arbitrator's decision shall be final and binding, and judgment may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

15.5 Each party shall bear its own costs and attorneys' fees, unless the arbitrator awards fees to the prevailing party.

16. MISCELLANEOUS

16.1 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to its conflicts of law principles.

16.2 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior negotiations, representations, and agreements relating to the subject matter hereof.

16.3 Amendments. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written instrument signed by both parties.

16.4 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect. If any restriction in Sections 9 or 10 is found to be overbroad, the court or arbitrator shall modify such restriction to the minimum extent necessary to make it enforceable.

16.5 Waiver. The failure of either party to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such provision.

16.6 Assignment. Employee may not assign this Agreement. The Company may assign this Agreement to any successor or affiliate.

16.7 Notices. All notices shall be in writing and delivered to the addresses set forth above or to such other address as a party may designate in writing.

16.8 Survival. The provisions of Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 14, and 15 shall survive termination of this Agreement and Employee's employment.

16.9 Acknowledgment. Employee acknowledges that:

(a) Employee has read this Agreement and understands its terms;
(b) Employee has had the opportunity to consult with an attorney before signing;
(c) Employee is entering into this Agreement voluntarily and without coercion;
(d) The restrictions in this Agreement are reasonable and necessary to protect the Company's legitimate business interests.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

NEXUS TECHNOLOGIES CORP.

By: _________________________________
Name: Robert J. Williams
Title: Chief Executive Officer
Date: March 1, 2024

EMPLOYEE:

_________________________________
Alexandra Michelle Thompson
Date: March 1, 2024

EXHIBIT A: PRIOR INVENTIONS
[None]

EXHIBIT B: EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK ACKNOWLEDGMENT
[Attached separately]
